Checking Bonus: You will not qualify for the Checking Bonus if you are an existing TD Bank personal checking Customer OR had a previous personal checking account that was closed within the preceding 12 months OR have received a prior personal checking account bonus at any time. Your direct deposits need to be an electronic deposit of your paycheck, pension, government benefits (such as Social Security) from your employer or the government of at least $250 each. Person-to-Person and bank transfers between your TD Bank accounts or accounts you have at other financial institutions or brokerages are not considered a direct deposit.

Savings Bonus: You will not qualify for the Savings Bonus if you are an existing TD Bank personal savings or money market Customer OR had a previous personal savings or money market account that was closed within the preceding 12 months OR have received a prior personal savings or money market account bonus at any time.

After you have completed the requirements outlined within, we’ll deposit the bonus in your new account on or before 180 days of account opening. To receive the bonus, your account must not be closed or restricted at the time of payout. If your new checking and/or savings account is closed by you or TD Bank within 6 months after account opening, TD Bank reserves the right to deduct the bonus amount at closing.

Eligibility may be limited based on account ownership. The primary owner of the new personal checking and/or new personal savings account may be required to complete a valid IRS Form W-9 or substitute IRS Form W-9 to provide certain identifying information. You may be subject to backup withholding at the rate specified in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code if you fail to provide that information or meet certain other conditions. TD Bank may issue you an IRS Form 1099 or other appropriate forms reporting the value of the bonus.

Offer may be withdrawn at any time. TD Bank Employees and Canadian Cross-border banking Customers are not eligible.
